docs: duckdb vscode warning (#4746)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/guides/vscode.md

## Troubleshooting

### DuckDB concurrent access

> If you are using DuckDB as your state store, you are likely to encounter problems with concurrent access to the DuckDB database file. The DuckDB database file is a single file on disk, and it does not support concurrent access from multiple processes. The extension uses a long-running process to provide its features. This long-running requires access, and so there is a risk of database locks. We don't recommend using DuckDB as a state store with the VSCode extension for this reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your SQLMesh project uses DuckDB to store its state, you will likely encounter problems.

SQLMesh can create multiple connections to the state database, but DuckDB's local database file does not support concurrent access.

Because the VSCode extension establishes a long-running process connected to the database, access conflicts are more likely than with standard SQLMesh usage from the CLI. 

Therefore, we do not recommend using DuckDB as a state store with the VSCode extension.
```
